NEW Allowed link types (#137)
silverstripe/silverstripe-linkfield: README.md

        'HasOneLink' => Link::class,
    ];

>     private static $many_many = [

Reviewer: I don't think we'll have many-many support for links.

Author: Link::class doesn't have relations with Page::class and if to follow this docs([See](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/5/developer_guides/model/relations/#has-many).) user cannot use `has_many = 'Second::class'` relation in First::class without having `has_one = 'First::class'` in the Second::class.

Reviewer: That problem should have been fixed by this. https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-linkfield/pull/127/

```

> The user can control and specify the links allowed for creation in each link field. The `setAllowedTypes` method only includes link types that have been provided as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Controlling what type of links can be created in a LinkField

By default, all `Link` subclasses can be created by a LinkField. This includes any custom `Link` subclasses defined in your projects or via third party module.

Developers can control the link types allowed for individual `LinkField`. The `setAllowedTypes` method only allow link types that have been provided as parameters.
```

Author: Updated

```php
<?php
use SilverStripe\CMS\Model\SiteTree;
use SilverStripe\LinkField\ORM\DBLink;
use SilverStripe\LinkField\Models\Link;
use SilverStripe\LinkField\Form\LinkField;
use SilverStripe\LinkField\Form\MultiLinkField;
use SilverStripe\LinkField\Models\FileLink;
use SilverStripe\LinkField\Models\SiteTreeLink;

class Page extends SiteTree
{
    ...

    public function getCMSFields()
    {
        $fields = parent::getCMSFields();

        ...

        $fields->addFieldsToTab(
            'Root.Main',
            [
                MultiLinkField::create('HasManyLinks')
                ->setAllowedTypes([ SiteTreeLink::class ]),
            ],
        );

        return $fields;
    }

> }

Reviewer: I think we can shrink this example and still have it legible.

```suggestion
$fields->addFieldsToTab(
    'Root.Main',
    [
        MultiLinkField::create('PageLinkList')
            ->setAllowedTypes([ SiteTreeLink::class ]),
        Link::create('EmailLink')
            ->setAllowedTypes([ EmailLink::class ]),
    ],
);
```

Author: Updated
